So let's go fix ESLint.
Open your terminal, Ctrl+`,
if you're not familiar with the shortcut.
We're gonna say npm
-D eslint-plugin.
Now, well, looks like I don't
have to type it all again.
plugin-import02.25.4, again,
you can just copy this directly out
of my notes, it might be easier.
It's at the bottom of
Core React Concepts with JSX.
eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y, a11y,
if you're not familiar, is accessibility.
There's 11 characters between the a and
the y, hence a11y.
At 6.5.1, and
eslint-plugin-react at 7.28.0.
There's a decent chance that you're
gonna see some vulnerabilities.
That's because I'm having
you fix versions of this.
These are definitely gonna just go up,
so by the time that you watch this,
there might be like 100 vulnerabilities.
It's fine,
you're not shipping it to production,
it's okay to have these on there.
If you update to the latest versions,
they'll probably go away.
If you wanna see what they are,
you can say npm audit.
It will show you everything
that's actually amiss.
Sometimes you can just say npm audit fix,
and it might fix some of them.
Yeah, this one, it couldn't fix any
of them automatically, which is fine.
Anyway, suffice to say,
don't worry about it, it's okay.
Now, I would like you to
go into your eslint.json.
And we're gonna add a couple
of more things in here.
So let's put this on multiple lines here.
So again,
order is not incredibly important here,
as long as prettier is the last one.
So we're gonna do plugin:import/errors.
We're gonna do plugin:react/recommended.
And we're gonna do
plugin:jsx-a11y/recommended.
Okay, if underneath plugins
we're gonna have react,
and we're gonna have import,
we're gonna have jsx-a11y.
So, just to let you know what's
referencing what, let's split this for
a second, and
we're gonna pull out package.json.
We installed, I'm in test-app, that's why.
So let me run that again.
Now 0 vulnerabilities,
that's nice, anyway,
I'm sure you'll find some at some point.
So if you look at our package.json now,
I don't know why this is upsetting me.
Don't save, there we go, package.json.
There we go, okay, sorry.
So we installed eslint-plugin-react,
JSX accessibility, and import.
Here we're importing those plugins.
These are augmenting the ability of
ESLint to understand additional language
features.
So, for example, the React one allows
it to comprehend what React is doing.
Import allows it to do
some logic around imports.
So for example, if I say import {
notReal } from './Pet',
./Pet is a real file, right?
Or PetThing or something like that.
There's some logic here, and
I'm not finished with it yet,
that's why it's not
doing it correctly yet.
But that's what the import thing will do.
It'll run ESLint across files, right,
which ESLint doesn't do
at the moment by itself.
It only does one file at a time,
whereas the import one
allows it to check other
files at the same time.
Okay, and then JSX accessibility,
this will just check things like,
are you putting a alt text on an image?
Are you not making buttons that are links,
right?
So it'll check things to make sure that
you're just doing basic accessibility.
Which I add in this course just cuz I
think it's a good idea for everyone.
And I'm not the best at JSX,
so I generally try and
make that a machine problem
instead of a human problem.
So that it's just telling me
the best practices as I go.
Okay, so that's what these are.
Then, Here we're doing the same thing,
as eslint:recommended is, there's a set
of recommended rules that comes with
the React plugin, and then recommended
rules that come from the import one.
So we're importing all of those here.
They have additional rules if you
wanna do things, for example,
like alphabetizing all of
your function names, right?
That exists in there for some not very
smart reason, but it's in there, right?
So actually I'm gonna, to bless you, I'm
going to have you disable two rules that
I just can't stand, Okay,
so here under rules,
the first I'm going to
say is react/prop-types.
I'm going to put that as 0,
0 just means turn it off.
I think 1 makes it a warning and
2 makes it an error.
I think you can also do half or
something like that.
I don't remember what they are, I just
remember 0 is off, so that's what I do.
And then I'm gonna do
react/react-in-jsx-scope is 0.
Remember that you always had to import
React in every JSX file before.
We no longer have to do that,
so we can turn that rule off.
So prop types, there is a package called
prop-types that can do some validation,
that if I'm importing this prop type,
it's supposed to be a string,
it'll do that at runtime.
It used to be really useful before
Flow and TypeScript came out.
But now that Flow and TypeScript are out,
that's no longer useful,
either use TypeScript or use nothing.
Prop types is a weird middle
ground of not very useful,
so, that's why I have you turn that off.
Okay, and then the last thing down here.
Because React has changed
a little bit over the year,
you have to put some settings here for
specifically the React plugin.
You have to tell what version
of React you're using.
And we're just gonna say, I don't know,
look at the package.json,
I don't feel like telling you, right?
And then if you write this,
you don't have to worry about it anymore.
If you go look at our app.js,
notice all of the errors went away, right?
Cuz now it understands React here,
and we can actually get rid
of that React here on line 1.
And it knows that Pet is here,
and app is being used, and
Pet's being used, and
all that stuff is happy.
I think, for example,
Maybe, There you go.
So I just wanted to show you here,
we'll talk about click
handlers here in a second.
But this is what the accessibility
one does for you.
It says you put an onClick somewhere
where it's not very accessible for
a screen reader reader to find it.
And so it'll throw accessibility errors
on there for you automatically so
you don't make those kinds of mistakes.
That's what that does for you.
And I show it to you in hopes that it just
becomes part of your default workflow.
One thing I was gonna throw out that's
changed since v6 of this course.
We used to have to include prettier and
prettier/react.
Those were two different rule
sets that you had to include.
They just rolled it into one,
so now it's just prettier.
So if you're expecting to see that,
that's why it's gone,
it's the newest version
doesn't require it.